#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argparse==1.4.0
    # via jsontool
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   posthog
bcrypt==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
cachecontrol==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kubernetes
    #   pulsar-client
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
chroma-hnswlib==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
fastapi==0.108.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langserve
    #   sse-starlette
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
firebase-admin==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-cli
google-analytics-admin==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-analytics-data==0.18.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-analytics-admin
    #   google-analytics-data
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.111.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-auth==2.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
httpx==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langserve
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langserve
huggingface-hub==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   json-spec
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
json-spec==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonpatch
jsontool==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
kubernetes==28.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain==0.0.354
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langserve
langchain-cli==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langserve[all]==0.0.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-cli
langsmith==0.0.77
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mmh3==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   posthog
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chroma-hnswlib
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   onnxruntime
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
onnxruntime==1.16.3
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langserve
overrides==7.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
pillow==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
posthog==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-analytics-admin
    #   google-analytics-data
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-analytics-admin
    #   google-analytics-data
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pulsar-client==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langserve
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsontool
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httplib2
pypika==0.48.9
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kubernetes
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kubernetes
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kubernetes
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   posthog
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kubernetes
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langserve
starlette==0.32.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   sse-starlette
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tokenizers==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-cli
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typer[all]==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-cli
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-json
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-cli
    #   sse-starlette
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kubernetes
websockets==12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
